1.

In my opinion the assignment could follow the structure proposed by the reference from Purdue University memorandum a bit better but the text is clear to read.

I think the proposed way of collecting data is not very clear (surveys). I think that interviewing the competitor's customers would be very hard to accomplish in practice. And a lot of care must be taken on interviewing (or doing surveys) the own company customers.

I think it is good to think about different kind of variables, like you suggested "income level" or ethnicity. But I do not think those you chose are really relevant to selling pizzas. For instance, instead of choosing at what time of the day, it would be more useful to think about what day of the week. Because people usually do not eat people more than once per day, and mostly just a few days a week.

As I mentioned earlier, the memorandum lacks a bit on structure. Starting from the third paragraph until the conclusion it keeps suggesting more and more variables. The same thing happens to the questions to be done and some of them are not even related to the data suggested to be collected.



2.

The enumeration and description of the proposed variables to be measured could be formatted in an easier way, more visual, as a list, for instance. The CEO may not be familiar or understand the use of terms like median, minimum, maximum, histograms. The memo should be less technical.



In my opinion the variables are all important but the methods available to collecting them are very delicate. For instance, to keep track and record number of visits of customers is more accurate and transparent than asking customers to directly report it. In the end, most important of all, I missed some kind of description and approach for the marking advertisement.

 In the end, most important of all, I missed some kind of description and approach for the marking advertisement. The structure of the memorandum could be improved. The content would be easier to read if the main paragraphs were divided in a more organised sequence, like variables definition, how to collect and analyse them and the insights that could be found.